Trippin'.
P. Burg down by two.
Five seconds left on the buzzer.
They pass the ball to Lonnie J.
He shakes the defender...
...steps back to the 3-point
line and shoots...
...and swoosh!
Buzzer beater! P. Burg wins!
Oh.
Oh!
Come on. get in!
Whoo! Ladies!
Come on. now!
God. you saved my life.
I don't know
what this song is.
but turn that shit up!
Whoo!
- Whoo.
- Oh. my God...
Hey. he's got moves!
Come on. All right. all right.
Okay.
Oh!
Two six-packs...
...a bottle of Screwdriver...
...and a rolling paper.
- And a lollipop.
And a lollipop.
He is so hot!
A'ight. Pop.
Nah.
Yo. yo!
Nah! Nah!
I thought you'd be dead by now.
Help!
Well...
...the fresher. the better.
Lights out.
Lockdown tonight.
Yeah. I'll see you
when you get back.
...keep walking!
Joneson!
You served three tours in Iraq.
decorated with a Purple Heart.
Medal of Valor.
Come home and get sentenced
to 2 years. assault and battery.
Assault and battery
for stopping my neighbor
from getting whipped on
by her drunk husband.
You put that man
in a coma. son.
You got another year for
breaking an inmate's jaw.
He was a bully.
And what are you.
some type of hero?
No. man. I'm far from that.
A'ight. On one page of your
file. it states you're smart.
Reading comprehension.
vocabulary. math
on a high level.
Another page. it says
you got a temper.
problems with anger management.
I've been working on that.
And thanks to overcrowded jails.
your last year of good behavior.
and. uh... your decorated
military service...
...let you out
with five years' parole.
So you're stuck here under my
supervision with no address.
I'ma have to send you
to a halfway house.
What about Ohio?
I got family in Ohio. man.
I- Uh--
Here. I--
I don't got no one or n--
nowhere to go.
I fought for my country.
I don't belong in no cage.
You know...
I served a tour in Kuwait.
For most of us. it
wasn't easy coming home.
Some of us got lucky
getting in law enforcement.
Most of us ended up
on the street.
but that does not excuse
criminal activity.
It doesn't erase the fact
that you are an ex-convict.
But... I'll put in a request...
...for your transfer.
Until then...
...here's an address for you.
Ain't this a place
for traumatized soldiers?
Some people
are there for that.
Others are there because they
ain't got no place else to go.
The government already
wrote them off.
- Anyone?
- It's such a good thing.
- Hey. you want one?
- Yeah...
You know--
You know I have your back.
...let me know.
And I'm always here for you.
- You know how it is. All right.
- Thank you.
- I'ma see you later.
- Okay.
Yeah. I'll see
you when you get back.
- There you go.
- Yeah.
Hey. yo!
Who left one spoon
of chocolate in the can?
Dang...
- He's tripping. huh?
- Huh?
Yo. why y'all ain't just
finish that shit?
How am I supposed to make
chocolate with one spoon?
That shit is--
Come on. man.
- He's gotta chill out.
-  -I'm tired of this shit. man.
One spoon of chocolate
will change
your whole glass of milk.
- That's why
they tell you.
They're scared of
the changes you make.
One spoon of chocolate
will change
your whole glass of milk.
"One morning.
I happened to turn over
the salt cellar at breakfast.
I reached for some of it
quick as I could...
...to throw over
my left shoulder
and keep off
the bad luck. but...
...Miss Watson was
in ahead of me.
crossed me off.
She says. 'Take your hands
away. Huckleberry.
What a mess you're always
making.'
The widow put in
a good word for me...
...but that wasn't gonna
keep off the bad luck."
Yeah. I'm done. kids.
About to call it a night.
Fist bumps.
Good night. good night.
good night.
There we go.
Go on.
Mr. Unique...
...you're pretty cool.
Thanks. dude.
So. grab your things
and leave in the morning.
Yeah. I don't know. uh...
...what to say
or how to thank you. but--
Now. you wanna thank me?
Use your brain. not your brawn.
Don't go out there and get
yourself into trouble.
'Cause they'd love to put you
so far up in those mountains.
even Jesus wouldn't visit you.
Trouble is...
...the last thing on my mind.
Good.
All right. P.O. Beem.
Hey. Randy.
I pulled a few strings to
get that transfer for you.
I believe you got potential.
soldier. Don't let me down.
Pittsburgh. please.
Must be a convention down there.
- Hm.
- Mm-hmm.
Pittsburgh. please.
Thanks.
One-way ticket to Ohio.
♪ Jesus Christ might've ♪
♪ Walked on water ♪
♪ Like Superman
Through the sky ♪
♪ Immigrant makes his way
Across the border ♪
♪ Hoping for a better life ♪
♪ But when he tries to
Find it. he's reminded ♪
♪ That dreams are born to die ♪
♪ His reality ♪
♪ Kills his fantasy ♪
♪ It's not
A comic book life ♪
You want a bump?
Nah. I'm good.
Suit yourself.
It's a cool song. though.
Thanks.
I see you're a reader.
And I got the perfect
book for you. my friend.
Take a look at that one.
A'ight. Thanks.
Now. I sell these for 50 bucks.
That's wholesale.
Do that copy for you for 25.
I'm the regional rep
for the company.
I got a big meeting in
Pittsburgh with a big client.
No. thank you.
Pittsburgh!
Yeah. take care.
Heading on to Ohio. huh?
I'ma make you a deal.
I'll give you a copy
of this book for free
if you'll hand out some
of my business cards
for me when you get to Ohio.
Fair exchange.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
This country would be
a whole lot better
if we all lived by that.
Shit.
Yeah.
Cuzo!
Oh. Ramz!
-This is the word...
-This is the word. man.
- Made it up out of here.
-You look good.
I see you. Let me get
this. Come on.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. Now. come on.
Let me show you your room.
Damn. It's been
a second. man.
It has.
Jeez.
Home sweet home. huh?
This used
to be Lonnie room. but...
...you know...
Put most of the stuff
in the garage.
I ain't really think you'd
mind the trophies too much.
Nah. nah. come on. cuz.
The trophies. that's--
- That's a good touch right there.
-  -For sure.
I got you something else. too.
I was wondering
what this was.
like a little gift certificate
or something?
Nah. it's more
like a welcome home gift.
A welcome home gift?
Yeah. cuzo.
Let's see
what this is all about.
Yo. you-- you for real. Ramz?
Yeah.
Yo!
I got you.
- Yeah...
- Hold on. You put my
name on the deed?
Yeah. man. Now you
always got a home address.
I don't even know
how to say thank you. man.
You ain't got to.
We family.
After Moms passed. me and Lonnie
just decided to...
...stay and take
care of the crib.
Yo. it's still hard to believe
cuz just died on the side
of the road like that.
Part of the puzzle is. they
ain't never find his jacket.
Finders keepers. man.
To Lonnie.
What's up. Jones?
What y'all up to?
Chill.
Just reminiscing.
My cousin Unique
I told you about.
Okay.
I see you got the whip on
dubs. though. now.
Motherfuckin' right. homie.
Hey. look. Consumer Reports say
this is the safest car
you could drive.
Yeah. on an empty street.
-Tell me later. though.
-I'll holler.
Mmm.
Damn. son.
You must spend hours
on this shit.
Mm-hmm.
- Yeah. hey.
- I'm on your ass!
That was just plain bad.
- No. I--
- I can't beat this shit.
- Ba! Ho-hooh!
Pick the controller back up.
You want to take it
to the court?
You know what I'm saying? We can
see who get the last laugh.
♪ I'm the one-man army. Ason ♪
♪ I never been tooken out
I keep MCs looking out ♪
♪ I drop science like girls be
Dropping babies ♪
♪ Enough to make
A nigga go crazy ♪
Yes. sir.
Yeah. that's what I'm
talking about!
Check up.
I don't see how you play... ball
in them damn Timbs.
Yeah. This a nigga--
This is a New York thing.
We wear Timbs seven days a week.
365 a year. baby.
Ah!
- Cross them! Cross them!
- Still nothing!
Still noth--
- Didn't I tell you that
was all nothing?
Ooh... Like that.
Game. bitch.
Told you. cuzo.
- You cannot win...
- A'ight.
- ...wearing them damn Timbs.
It don't happen that way.
Hey. you got that.
What do we have here?
Jesse. Paulie.
what's up buddies?
We ain't your fucking buddies.
What's the fucking rules
around here. Jonesy?
You tell us.
What's the rules around here?
Ain't no coons or
niggers allowed. boy.
What you say to me. white boy?
I got your nigga right here.
Oh. yeah. you fucking nigger?
What if I come over there
and I cut those
motherfuckers right off you?
You know what. gentlemen?
We don't want no problems.
I'ma walk over here.
I'ma get our ball.
We gon' split. a'ight?
Too late. coon. You got enough
trouble coming now.
Hey. hey! Whoa!
Hey. guys. Look...
My cousin not from here. a'ight?
He don't know the rules.
Chill out.
Since you are new around here...
...maybe we'll let y'all slide.
I'ma let you jigaboo
motherfuckers go this time.
but leave that fucking ball
for compensation.
Heh. and them Jordans. too.
Yeah. the ball
plus those Jordans.
and don't let me catch y'all's
fucking asses
around here again.
not gon' be the same story.
We can agree not to come
back here...
...but this is a
community center...
...open to the public.
paid for by taxpayers.
Ain't gon' be no compensation.
You don't think
I know what that fucking
sign says. nigga?
Leave the goddamn
ball in your hands
or the ones down
your fucking pants!
You pick. nigga!
Hold on!
Yeah. cuzo!
Get up. man. Get up.
Come on!
I'm gonna get you nigger fucks!
- Fuck!
- You all right?
Get the fuck up!
We're gonna get Jimmy!
You hit him.
That way...
...you don't damage your goods.
Nice. bro.
That's why Jimmy's
the fucking king!
What the fuck happened
to y'all bitches?
Jesse. Let me see it.
Yeah. that's definitely broken.
Who the fuck did this?
It was Joneson from that
fucking Black basketball team.
Man. he had this
militant-ass nigger
I've never seen before.
irking him on. and shit.
Get Jesse fixed up.
We're gonna find these
fucking idiots.
Fucking now!
Yo. who is that. bro?
I don't know.
Just get the door. man.
Yeah...
Is Ramsee in?
Oh. uh-uh-uh-uh.
-It is 5 p.m.. boy.
-Baby!
You supposed to be taking
me to Daddio's
for all-you-can-eat
chicken wings.
Baby. c-- watch out! I'm winning
right now.
Up two thirds.
This is my girl Aretha.
That's her friend Darla.
This is my cousin Unique.
- Nice to meet you.
Pleasure's mine.
I promised Aretha
I'd take her out to dinner...
And it's after I finish this
round of this game. Please.
Do you want to be cuddling
with that damn joystick
tonight. or...
...do you want
to cuddle with me?
Oh. that's how y'all doing it?
This is normal? This what--
- Where'd you get that from?
- From her mom.
Her mom is a freak like that?
- No. From her mom's job.
- Oh!
No. no. Her mama
- is a freak like that. though.
- Oh!
She got her daddy whipped.
- Just like I got you.
- Baby...
-Baby...
-Are we gonna go?
- Where her mama work at?
-Or am I going home?
- Uh. a hospital.
- All right. No. All right.
You gonna let me
freshen up first?
- Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
Is it like this all the time?
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. you get--
you get used to it.
Sounds like you
need some help.
Come on.
lover boy. go get fresh.
Open it up!
Yeah...
All right. all right.
I got four milkshakes
right here for y'all.
-Thank you. thank you.
-Excuse me.
-Pardon my reach. For you.
-Mm-hmm.
And last but not least.
Can I get you guys
anything else?
You can get us
a different waitress.
What you-- A'ight.
Another rude-ass table.
I swear.
I can't wait to quit this job.
Fuck. His car's not here. man.
They not home.
Wastin' my fucking
time. Jesse.
Nah. I know
where the fuck they at.
They love that Friday
fried chicken special.
- That's crazy.
- Yeah. yeah.
You're supposed to get
married now.
What the fuck you guys want?
Where the fuck is Jonesy?
Man. I don't know!
I haven't seen him!
These ain't even the right
fucking niggers. man.
- Coon's a coon.
- Chill out.
Hey. what-- what the fuck y'all
got with us?
- Shut the fuck up!
- Hey. bro.
Quiet! When you see Jonesy.
-give him this message.
-Hey!
Hey. hold on bro!
Now. wait. bro!
- Chill!
- Stop doing it. bro!
Shut the fuck up!
Didn't I say shut the fuck up?
- Shut the fuck up!
- Hey. what the fuck?
Shut the fuck up!
- Wow!
- Hey. now...
Yeah. you can carry the bag.
Yo...
Ah...
Mr. Pologo. you don't
have any other kind of music?
Hey. it's my store.
I play what I want to play.
You want that
hippity-hop-hop shit.
then go down to
Daddio's or something.
"...Ohio leads the state
in successful organ--"
It's just 50 cent. boy.
Yeah. Yeah. Um. I was actually
wondering about that sign
in the window.
Yeah? What about it?
"Help wanted."
I know what it says. I wrote it.
I happen to be looking
for a job.
Well. you keep looking.
- Come on. boy!
- I'm coming.
Uh. now I'm gonna need
to see some ID.
Come on. Mr. P.
We was just in here last week.
and you still need to see ID?
Boy. you can come in
here every minute.
every day of the week.
and I still gotta ask you
to show me ID.
Well. I do have ID.
Yes. you do.
Yeah. Thank you.
We about to get fucked. Yes.
Hey. Mr. P..
you got some condoms?
- What kind?
- Trojans.
L-- Let me get the mags.
-There you go.
-Yeah.
On the house.
Mr. P.!
Yeah.
What you want. boy?
Hand these out to some of
your customers. a'ight?
Oh. how nice are you?
Bro-nique.
Hey. hey. hey!
Nah. No sipping in the whip.
-Baby.
-You know what's up.
Come on. One sip before
you pull away.
No sippin' in the ride.
-Mm...
-You know--
One sip of the liquor...
...get me in the mood quicker.
Mm-mm.
-Nope.
-Not the time. No.
Hey! No! Hey.
You just said one sip.
-Chill out. you don't-- You do--
-One more!
-One!
-No...
Baby. just chill.
Just chill.
Oh! What the--
What the fuck?
Who's doing it?
Come on. motherfuckers!
Yo! Fucking drive. Ramz.
Oh. fuck!
-Drive!
-Ramsee drive!
Go. go. go. go. go.
go. go. go!
What the f--
Oh!
Yo. what the fuck was that?
I don't know!
Oh. my God.
Who the fuck was that?
Jimmy and them.
They probably want revenge
for that fucking scuffle
at the rec center.
Scuffle? What scuffle?
They almost tried to kill us
out there!
We need to go--
We need to call the cops.
Call the cops?
The sheriff
is Jimmy's dad. Darla!
Right. Yeah. I know. I know.
That's the sheriff's son?
-Yeah.
-Yeah. He gets away with
whatever the fuck he wants.
Shit. They just wanted
revenge. yo.
Definitely get that shit.
And my fucking car.
So it's over then. right?
Yeah. yeah.
Right?
Yeah. it's over.
Jimmy. What's going on around
here tonight?
It was a hit-and-run.
You get the make and license?
Yeah. It's the fucking coon
Ramsee Joneson.
Hey! How did this happen?
We were outside Pologo's...
This car just came right at us.
We moved out the way.
-Yo. what the fuck was that?
-I don't know.
But they mowed Josh down.
Just kept fucking going.
Listen. Mrs. Bern. we're
gonna get you justice
- on this. all right?
- Okay.
Are you sure it was Joneson?
That boy never causes
any trouble.
- Yeah. I'm sure.
- Yeah. it was.
You don't think we know that
fucking hooptie?
Susky. why don't you
take a couple
of patrol cars and go
to Joneson's house
and bring him back
to the station?
Yes. sir.
Jesse. sit down.
Now. ma'am. I'm terribly sorry.
What did y'all...
Hey. I. uh--
I gotta go home.
Okay. I'm gonna
stay here with Ramsee.
Okay.
You want me
to call you a car?
No. that's-- that's okay.
I live just a little ways
away across town and...
...I could use a walk
in fresh air.
I could walk you home.
Be careful. cuzo.
Ow! Hey. man.
All done.
This shit hurt. but thank you.
-Oh! Stop!
-All right. my bad.
Let me go get you
some Neosporin.
That'll do fine.
Cousin Ramsee
is the closest family I have.
He's a good guy.
I'm glad him and Aretha
are together.
Yes. Yes.
Yes!
Freeze!
What the fuck?
All right. stud.
Get your clothes on.
You're coming with us.
Both of you.
Why y'all fucking with us?
Copy that.
our ETA five to seven...
What's happen-- yo--
- You're hurting me!
- Hey!
- Get in the car.
- Shit!
Get in the fucking car!
Oh. shit.
Um. Thank you
for walking me home.
Oh. yes.
It's my pleasure.
I better get inside.
Maybe I can come by
and see you sometime?
Only if you promise to be good.
I'll be better than good.
Darla. is that you out there?
Yeah. Mom.
I'll be inside in a second.
Oh. nah.
you pulled out the lipstick.
- Well. do you have a pen? Okay.
- Nah.
it's cool points.
-You got it. This is perfect.
-All right.
Yeah.
Um. call me when you get home.
just...
...you know.
just so I know you're safe.
- Safe? I'll be safe.
- Mm-hmm.
- I mean it. call me.
- All right.
- Good night.
It's him.
Where the fuck
you going. coon?
Hey. coonie boy.
What's up. motherfucker?
Get that motherfucker!
Hey. get that nigga!
What the--
Black piece of shit!
You got nowhere to go. boy!
You better run. nigger!
Hey!
Yo! Hop in. hop in.
Come on! Hop in.
You shouldn't be smoking
and driving. D.
Shit. That's the only way
to drive.
Knock 'em both!
Motherfuckers fucking with
my paint job!
Whoa!
Ah!
I'ma catch me a nigga. boy!
Yeah. Jimmy!
Bring him to us.
Yo. watch out!
Whoa!
Whoo!
See that. boys?
That's money
going up in smoke.
Now. let's get the fuck
out of here.
Burn. motherfuckers!
Oh!
Fuck!
My ride...
Yo. this is Ramz.
Leave a message.
We're gonna go in
through the back.
- You got it? Okay.
- Mm-hmm.
My dad and I used to
hide in here...
...from my mom.
We still do sometimes.
Yeah.
Heater doesn't work.
and it gets cold.
so I'll get. um.
some blankets.
and I-- I'll check on
Aretha and Ramsee and see what's
going on.
Okay.
-Hi. Mom.
-Dar.
The suspects
crashed into a container
and then mowed over.
local resident Josh Bern
in what is being described as a
blatant DWI and
attempted manslaughter.
Sir. what is your name?
Uh. Pologo.
Mr. Pologo. tell me a little
bit about what you saw here
this evening at the store.
Well.
it was quite a night.
We had three Black kids.
I mean. they come in here
all the time. trying to
buy booze. no ID.
Nothing but trouble these
kids--
Darla. isn't that Aretha?
What happened tonight is just
par for the course for things
that are going wrong
in this town.
and in this country. damn it.
We are being overrun.
Well. two suspects
are already in custody.
Now. police are still looking
for another unidentified male
suspect that was said to have
been in the vehicle as well.
Where's our daughter?
Damn it! Where is our daughter?
All right. now.
Calm down here. now.
Calm down? We wanna
see our daughter right now.
Look. your daughter
is in our custody.
Now. she ain't no minor. so she
has to stand on her own accord.
Look. our daughter ain't
do nothing wrong.
Her and the Joneson boy
been charged with
DWI and vehicle assault.
Now they gonna go down
and see a judge in the morning.
and it ain't nothing
y'all can do about it.
Okay. well.
we wanna bail her out.
We have the right to bail
her out.
They're gonna post
bail in the morning.
Now. I suggest you both go
back into your warm beds.
unless you want to spend
the night here with her
in one of my cold cells.
You can't stop us from bailing--
Boy. don't go on ramping about
what I can or what I cannot do!
You know my forte. Lindsey.
I'm the law around here.
and I ain't in the mood for
your shucking.
Come on.
Yo. this is Ramz.
Leave a message.
There she is.
Mom. I'm so sorry.
Oh. it's all right. baby girl.
Darla told us everything.
And you ain't commit no crime.
Except for drinking alcohol
with that Joneson boy.
- Oh. God...
- Mmm...
Now. you know. your mama and
I put up our life savings to
get your little ass up out
of here. huh?
Sweetheart.
we can make that back.
Our baby girl is worth
two life savings.
All right. come on.
Let's go home and get you
cleaned up.
You smell like a drunk
stripper.
I can't--
But. Dad.
what about Ramsee?
He doesn't even
have any parents!
Listen. baby girl. we have
to look after our family.
I'm sure he got some
damn family
that's gonna look after him.
They're looking for you.
You gonna turn yourself in?
Um.
that's--that's not
gonna work for me.
I gotta get Ramsee out.
How are you gonna do that?
I don't know.
I'm sorry I got you into this.
Nah. it ain't your fault.
This town's
just upside-down. baby.
How can we help?
Look. my court date
is in two months. a'ight?
I just need to bail out of here
and drop. like.
five on a lawyer.
Where you gonna get the money?
The house.
You're not gonna be
able to sell your house
that fast.
Look. I'ma just sign it
over to the bail bondsman
as collateral.
and then Unique has to
just sign it in person.
It'll work out.
Now. Darla.
make sure that you take Unique
down there so he can sign it
in person tomorrow.
Please. That's the only
way that this shit can work.
And you...
...shaved legs...
...handcuffs...
...the rest of the lube.
And I need you to be oiled up.
You feel me? Two days.
So we can get back to work.
All right?
Ramsee.
Yeah.
Hey. uh. what can I do you for?
- We're here to post bail
for Ramsee Joneson.
The boy's bail is
set at 50.000.
You're gonna need 5K
at least in cash.
We wanna use this as collateral.
Now. if you sign this over to
me. and I post the cash bond.
and that Joneson boy don't
show up to his court date.
you lose the house.
Yeah. we know that.
I wasn't talking to you. Missy.
I'm talking to the gentleman
who needs to do the signing.
So why don't you just have
a seat right over there?
I understand.
Now. you're just gonna need to
sign that.
and I need your ID.
Take the damn hood off. boy.
Betty Sue.
let's notarize this thing.
I'm gonna need your
fingerprint right here.
No. no. Just your thumb.
You have strong hands.
What are you trying to do.
give the boy
a manicure or something?
Just take his prints
and get on with it.
No. I cou-- No I couldn't--
I couldn't hear you.
Um. could you repeat that?
I've accepted your house
as collateral.
and your bond has been posted.
I also got them to let your
car out of the impound.
Hey. Thank you. Mr. Beefkake.
That's so great.
Thank you so much.
No need to thank me.
This is business. boy.
Uh. by the way. now.
I am gonna need
another signature from you.
So I'm gonna come
pick you up at County
and take
you down to the impound.
Okay. Yeah. yeah.
Thank you. Yes. sir.
I mean. uh. yes. sir. or. uh...
I-- I got it. I got it.
Yeah.
Yeah!
Hop in.
Just. uh. sign here
and we are all done.
Oh. yeah. um...
...still have
to get it notarized. right?
Of course we do.
What do you think
Betty Sue is here for
-a joyride?
-Ooh. shit.
- Wow.
- I'm sorry.
-Mm-hmm.
-Hey.
I'm going to need
your fingerprint
right here.
You have strong hands.
Okay.
Get that back to the office
and. uh.
- I'll meet you in an hour.
- Okay. See you later.
See ya.
You ready?
Thank you again.
Hey. man. they closed.
You mind giving me a ride
back to my house?
I'm not your chauffeur. boy.
Besides. they
don't close till 11.
Old Tom Susky's probably
just went on a shit break.
Yo. I'm here to pick up
my vehicle!
Hey. yo. Susky. you in there?
Fuck.
Damn. baby.
They beat you bad.
But you're still
a diamond to me. though.
Welcome home.
You know you paralyzed
Josh. right?
I'm sorry.
Don't worry. We're
gonna. uh--
we're gonna do you way worse...
...buddy.
It was only--
It was only an accident.
Yeah?
Well...
...this is intentional.
Scoop this nigger up.
Dr. Murphy.
the bruises on this body
couldn't have been obtained
by no car accident.
Nurse Lindsey...
...when you become a doctor...
...when you complete
your eight years of study
to be awarded a certificate
like the ones you see
on the wall there...
...you can give us a diagnosis.
Until then. if you wanna
keep your job...
...sign the damn paper.
Thank you.
Sir.
Now get the body covered up
and have the orderlies
transport
him down to the morgue.
I'm going to go enjoy
my breakfast.
Yes. sir.
God...
Baby why?
I know. I know. sweetie. I know.
I know it hurts.
and I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I know.
Okay. come on.
Can I come in?
Mr. Lindsey. Yeah.
Um. how can I help you?
Oh. I didn't
come here to see you.
Came to talk to Randy.
Can you give us
a minute. please?
Sir.
You Aretha's dad?
Yes. I am.
I'm also the mortician here.
Randy...
I'm sorry. but Ramsee is dead.
Mm.
How?
Why?
Drinking and driving.
He ran his car off the road.
- Drinking and driving?
- Mm-hmm.
My cousin's not the type.
Yeah. that's what
the coroner report states.
Hey.
You all right? It's okay.
Hey. uh...
Randy. I gotta come
clean with you.
Those bruises didn't look like
they came from a car accident.
What you saying?
It looked like that man
was beaten to death.
And when I embalmed the body...
...all the major organs
were missing.
I'm talking heart. liver.
kidney. you name it.
Now. why...
...would his organs be missing?
I don't know.
But I'm telling you this
because if you want to live.
I suggest you leave
this town immediately.
I came to Ohio 'cause I have
nowhere else to go. man.
You can stand here...
...or you can leave.
Or I can stand here and fight
for what's mine.
Fight?
Fight who?
Fight what?
What-- What. what? The system?
Fight for what's right.
Let me tell you something.
young man.
Might is right.
No. man.
This system is a giant.
David slew a giant
with a goddamn slingshot.
David wasn't an ex-con fugitive
with no family and no support.
and no money.
I know this hurts. son.
I do.
Take this money...
...and I want you to go
and get a bus ticket.
I suggest that you get
your black ass on it and
get the fuck up outta here.
Do you understand me?
Yeah. is this
Parole Officer Ronald Beem?
-This is he.
-Yeah. I'm looking
for one of your parolees.
Well. I got a lot of those.
so which one in particular?
Randy Joneson.
He's a wanted suspect.
Vehicle assault
and attempted murder.
He's been on the lam for
a couple of weeks somewhere.
I understand he's on parole
and assigned to your office.
Uh. yeah. that's correct.
but I transferred his case
to Officer Thomas
in the Liverpool office.
Well. while that's
underway. he's still
under your supervision. right?
-Correct.
-When was the last time you
heard from Mr. Joneson?
-Uh... couple weeks ago.
-Based on his case.
he can't go but a week
without reportin' in.
Sounds like someone ain't
on their job. Mr. Beem.
What's that supposed to mean?
You city liberals
treat your criminals too kindly.
that's what it means.
Here in Karensville.
we keep an
ankle strap on our parolees so
we know their location
at all times. Now. your boy.
he come in here and he
stirred up a lotta shit.
and I suggest your office come
down here and help us
find him so he can come in
and face his charges!
Motherfuckin' liberals.
I can't take this shit.
Do you think he left town?
Hope he didn't.
Now. what's it matter?
'Cause it's his word
against yours.
Nobody's gonna believe
a nigger ex-convict
over a pure-blood.
good old American citizen.
Brutus. shut the fuck up.
Now. listen...
...this personal shit
you got going on
with this Joneson boy
is bad for business.
What do you mean.
bad for business?
We just brought in
another half mil.
Boy. you get your good looks
and strength
from my side of the family.
but you get your brains
from your mama's side.
and like your mama.
the older you get.
the dumber you get.
Now. this
fugitive Joneson boy
is what we call
a leaky fuckin' faucet.
and it's up to you boys to
tighten it up.
Hello?
Where's my fucking lighter?
Susky. Colt.
go knock on some doors.
talk to some more people.
Brutus. make sure Betty Sue
posts something
in the paper tomorrow.
Jimmy. you round up all
your boys. and you go down
and put some pressure
on all those young folks
down around Sixth Street.
Whatever you say.
We need to nip this
in the fuckin' bud.
Yo!
Y'all seen that. uh. new
Joneson nigga around here?
Calls himself Unique.
Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy.
Didn't we fry
that fuckin' nigga?
'Sup. my niggas?
Wanna buy some weed?
Nah.
Contrary to popular opinion.
smoke too much of that.
shit'll kill you.
Yeah!
Fuck. yeah!
Reinforcements have arrived.
-Yeah!
-These pistols are nice.
Who's ready to have a party!
Yee-ha!
- Hey.
- Hi.
Um.
bus leaves at...10 a.m.
Make sure you're on it
'cause there won't be
another one for a week.
Um...
...everyone will be in church.
so... you should be able
to slip out unnoticed.
Just in case. I...
...got you this.
Hmm.
Thank you.
For everything. really.
I made something for you.
It's beautiful.
Think I will name him...
...Randy.
Uh. it's a good name.
Guess this is the last time
I'm gonna see you.
Hold on.
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
I'm impressed.
His misfortune. our fortune.
You know what to do.
Yeah.
I need to get ready
for church.
Can't you skip it this time?
As much as I would love to...
...my mom and I
never skip church.
Most of the people in this
town never skip church.
Well. except for Jimmy
and his gang of degenerates.
They usually party
all night Saturday
and sleep all day Sunday.
I guess they're not afraid
of going to hell.
Where I come from...
...they say heaven is
what you make it.
Hell is just what you got
to go through to get it.
Yeah. that sounds about
right to me.
Take. um...
...Dean Street...
...to the bus station.
It's more discreet.
Whatever you do.
don't miss that bus.
Understood.
You can make it. Unique.
You're a survivor.
It looked like
that man was beaten to death.
Preparation.
Preparation is one
of the commandments of God
that was not mentioned
in the original ten
he gave to Moses.
God instructs us to prepare.
The majority
of the ten commandments
tells us what thou shalt not do.
For preparation
is a commandment
that thou shalt do.
As we continue...
...with this subject
of preparation...
...it leads me...
...to Book of Moses.
After he led the children
of Israel out of Egypt.
he had them wander for 40 years
before they could enter
the Promised Land.
Thus it is he
who has prepared
to enter the kingdom...
...that shall enter the
kingdom.
He who seeketh. shall find.
He who knocketh...
...it shall be opened.
Who the fuck are you--
Rise and shine.
It is 72 degrees
here in Karensville.
It's a beautiful
Sunday morning.
Now let's hear
some inspirational music
from our boys' choir.
Want a hit?
- Yeah. motherfucker.
- God!
-I want a hit. motherfucker!
-Aah! Sorry.
Oh!
Fuck you!
Oh.
Came to fix a few things.
Oh. Jesus!
Jimmy!
- Jimmy. please!
- Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What? Who?
Some Black guy
is bashing in
their fucking skulls!
Legion. this is not a test.
Everybody wake the fuck up!
We got a fuckin' problem.
Boys. bats!
Come on!
Let's split this nigga's wig!
You and me.
Come on.
God!
"Come here. motherfucker."
Stop crying.
So.
you're the militant nigga
in my town.
I'm Jimmy.
That's all the fuck you got?
Oh. yeah? Let's fight.
Oh. sh--
Get the fuck up.
you fucking pussies!
-What the fuck's going on?
-Randy fucking Joneson.
Here.
Come the fuck out. boy!
Shit!
Well. that ain't gonna work.
Oh. I. uh...
...hope you feel
at home in there.
Ain't no way out.
The only way out is through me.
So face us.
Your cousin Ramsee did.
Only took one stroke.
Oh. I wish you could
have seen it.
It was a piece of art.
Randy?
Randy...
Get your black ass
out here now.
And finish this.
Come and face us.
We ain't gonna do
nothin' to you...
Except...
...string you up...
...cut your balls off...
...and serve you
to the good doctor.
Randy!
Stop being a fucking coward!
And come and face me!
Oh. I'm gonna enjoy this.
Randy!
Get the fuck out here. now!
Randy. you in there?
Nobody lives there anymore.
Huh.
Looks like nobody lives
anywhere around here.
It's Sunday. mister.
everybody's at church.
Fucking coward!
Face me!
Randy!
-Fuckin' face me!
-Jimmy. Jimmy.
Let me negotiate
with this nigger.
I'm a trained professional.
Joneson.
Officer Sporaski here.
Karensville's finest.
Come on out...
...quietly.
Oh. my God.
Hell. it sounds like
we're under attack
by terrorists.
Come on.
Please. just...
It's coming from the Legion.
Boys. come on.
Let's go. Giddyup!
Yes. sir.
Take the cruiser. Let's roll.
Come on...
This is Deputy Colt.
Come again?
Sheriff. it's Deputy Colt.
Can you hear me?
Shit!
All hands on deck.
Everybody to
the initiation room.
There's a crazy coon stalkin'
around with explosives.
Hurry!
You're stupid
for coming here. nigga.
Don't you know you're
in the lion's den?
Yeah. I know
where I'm at.
And I came here...
...just to fuck you up!
Motherfucker.
You pussy ass fuckin' n--
Don't move. motherfucker.
Come on. over here!
Get these kids
medical attention!
Take a deep breath.
You're all right.
What you want to do. Sheriff?
Barge in or wait
for the SWAT team?
Oh. call the fire department.
You're under arrest.
Fuck.
Oh. fuck this shit.
I'm gonna blow
your fuckin' head off.
Hey. listen.
you might as well come out.
-You're completely surrounded.
-Sheriff?
Sheriff. Officer Beem.
Oh. so you show up
here now.
when your boy done gone
ape shit in my town?
- I'm here to help.
- No.
Not now.
and don't you be thinking
that your boy is gonna be
going back to any one
of your cells. neither.
'cause my boys. they're
gonna make sure that they
shoot him straight to hell!
At the expense
of your son Jimmy's life?
Now. give me the damn bullhorn
so I can talk to him.
Randy! Randy Unique Joneson.
This is Officer Beem.
Beem.
What are you doing here?
Well. I didn't hear from
you for a while.
so I thought
I'd come check up on you.
Yeah. I've been meaning
to call you. but...
...got a little busy.
I can see you got
your hands full.
Now. Randy... I know you're a
good man.
so why don't you come on out
here so we can talk about it?
We're talking now. man.
This ain't the way.
You're in a lot
of trouble. Unique.
but if you come out now
peacefully...
...there's a chance
you'll see better days.
No. that ain't gonna work
for me. man.
- We gotta get the story.
- You can't shoot here.
- No. uh-- we're shooting here.
- No. Ms. Sanchez--
-I understand.
-We are gonna shoot here.
You can't go any further.
This is as far as you can go.
-Ready to go? Two. one.
-Are you ready?
Give me that shag-gargling
bullshit.
Hey. Wake up.
It's loaded now. motherfucker.
You said something about
blowing my head off. right?
Hmm?
Now I'ma blow your head off.
Don't do it. man.
I don't wanna die
by the hands of a Black man.
I ain't start this shit.
We were standing up for our--
our rights...
...as tax-paying citizens.
Paying taxes...
...don't give you
no rights. nigga.
We dragged you monkeys
out the jungles.
and civilized you.
We built this country.
You people walk around
like you have ownership.
This country was built
on the backs of my people.
We slaved.
We gave blood. sweat. and tears
for this shit.
We fought to make
this country great.
I--
I fought
to make this country
what it is.
Yeah. That's right.
Because God
created your people to serve us.
That's your natural position.
but we. great.
blue-blooded white men...
...gave you freedom.
- Freedom?
- Yeah.
Freedom...
to roam our beloved country.
And what do you people do. huh?
You just keep asking for more.
Equal rights. equal homes...
...equal pay...
...and equal access
to our women.
Boy. we ain't equal.
You don't have the same value
as a blue-blooded white man.
You ain't spittle
compared to me.
So that's why you killed
my cousin. hmm?
That's why you killed Dap?
'Cause you feel like
our lives are worthless?
Yeah.
But your organs
are worth a lot.
I get 100K for a nigga's liver.
I get 150 for a kidney.
and I get 250
for a nigga's heart.
...Sanchez from...
That's why I killed
those niggers.
Because in this town.
the only valuable nigga
is a dead one.
Well. I just whipped
your ass. white boy.
And it ain't 'cause I'm...
...Black or 'cause I'm better.
It's 'cause I was
better prepared than you.
You know.
I could tell you stories...
True stories...
...to show you the greatness
of a Black man.
But you ain't worth the time.
Nah.
You know. our-- our forefathers
was right when they said...
...it's self-evident...
...that all men
are created equal.
White man. Red man.
Yellow man. Brown man.
Woman.
And yes...
...Black man.
The only thing
that offsets equality
is timing and circumstance.
And the circumstances that you
and I find ourselves in
right now...
I got the power.
motherfucker.
Mm-hmm.
Yes. me.
I...
...got the power...
...motherfucker.